DMV Recap of the 2024 NFL Draft

After three days, plenty of trades and 257 total picks, the 2024 NFL draft festivities ended Saturday night.

Washington, D.C.’s Caleb Williams took the stage as the first overall pick, but there was plenty more DMV talent, including Quince Orchard’s Chop Robinson, hearing their names called this past weekend in Detroit.

After our preview outlined each DMV prospect projected to be drafted, here is where everyone ended up.


Caleb Williams, QB – Chicago Bears / Round 1, Pick 1
The D.C. native and Gonzaga College HS alum won the Heisman Trophy in 2022 while at USC.
Olu Fashanu, OT – New York Jets / Round 1, Pick 11
Originally from Waldorf, Fashanu was teammates with Williams at Gonzaga before playing three seasons at Penn State.
Chop Robinson, DE – Miami Dolphins / Round 1, Pick 21
The Gaithersburg native spent one season at Maryland and two at Penn State after dominating as a Quince Orchard Cougar.
Kris Jenkins, DT – Cincinnati Bengals / Round 2, Pick 49
Jenkins is from Olney and attended Good Counsel HS before winning a national championship at Michigan.
Chris Braswell, DE – Tampa Bay Buccaneers / Round 2, Pick 57
The University of Alabama alum was born in Baltimore and attended Saint Frances Academy.
Christian Haynes, OG – Seattle Seahawks / Round 3, Pick 81
Haynes is from Bowie and attended Bowie HS before playing collegiately at UConn.
Blake Corum, RB – Los Angeles Rams / Round 3, Pick 83
The Marshall, VA native also attended Saint Frances and won a title at Michigan.
MarShawn Lloyd, RB – Green Bay Packers / Round 3, Pick 88
The University of South Carolina product made the commute everyday to DeMatha Catholic HS despite living in Delaware.
Cedric Gray, LB – Tennessee Titans / Round 4, Pick 106
Before moving to North Carolina for middle school, high school and college, Gray was born in Fort Washington and went to Fort Washington Forest Elementary.
Khyree Jackson, CB – Minnesota Vikings / Round 4, Pick 108
Jackson, a native of Upper Marlboro, played at Oregon and Alabama after attending Dr. Henry A. Wise Jr. HS.
Jordan Magee, LB – Washington Commanders / Round 5, Pick 139
Though the former Temple Owl went to high school in Dover, DE, Magee spent his early years in Towson.
Cam Hart, CB – Los Angeles Chargers / Round 5, Pick 140
Born in Baltimore, Hart was teammates with Jenkins at Good Counsel before playing for Notre Dame.
Caelen Carson, CB – Dallas Cowboys / Round 5, Pick 174
Carson is from Waldorf and played at North Point HS, spending his college years at Wake Forest.
Walter Rouse, OT – Minnesota Vikings / Round 6, Pick 177
Rouse was born in Silver Spring and went to Sidwell Friends before playing four years at Stanford and one at Oklahoma.
Beau Brade, S – Baltimore Ravens / Undrafted
The Clarksville native, former River Hill HS standout and fan-favorite at Maryland signed as an undrafted free agent with his hometown Ravens.
Curtis Jacobs, LB – Kansas City Chiefs / Undrafted
Teammates with Fashanu and Robinson at PSU, Jacobs is from Glen Burnie and went to the McDonogh School.
Gottlieb Ayedze, OT – Philadelphia Eagles / Undrafted
The Germantown native and Northwest HS alum joins Brade as another former Terp to sign as an undrafted free agent.
Eyabi Okie-Anoma, DE – Kansas City Chiefs / Undrafted
Like Braswell, Okie-Anoma is another Baltimore native that attended Saint Frances, though he played collegiately at Charlotte.
Jalen Coker, WR – Carolina Panthers / Undrafted
The undrafted free agent grew up in Sterling, VA and attended Potomac Falls HS before playing at the College of the Holy Cross.